												Early to mid  session
Client I.1: My eyes were red and I don't know if that's because of,  to be honest, some bacterial infection on his (dogs) skin. So, I don't think that's anything to do with my eye. I don't know. But, also, I don't know if I slept with a candle on, the whole night and that triggered my allergies, but it's also Pollen season, so I am anyways  allergic, but my eye is red. But luckily, I don't have conjunctivitis. It's just an allergy thing.    
Therapist Stance I. 1: Are your eyes swollen or is it just red? 
Client I.2: It was slightly swollen before, now I don't know… (points to area around eye) is that area but it was slightly swollen on Sunday I think…because ideally I should have gone to the doctor on Saturday but when I saw that (points to eye) I thought it would settle down after taking my antihistamines and then, Sunday, the doctors are only not there. 
So, I should have gone earlier but i went on monday and he(doctor) gave antibiotics I think.  Only eye drops, nothing else, he said “just continue with your antihistamines” so I was like okay…They're giving you medicines. I'm in my eye phase so I'm sleeping but also asking like why,  but all right,  you I know best.   I'm cold compressing my eyes and trying to be useful. So I found the chat GPT voice notes as a way to write my LinkedIn post. I was like okay, I have this thing, I should not feel guilty for not doing nothing. ..(Looks at the therapist's face to check response ) Yes. Yes I know. I'm realizing it but it's all right., after all, it's so boring and I know I need some rest.
Therapist Stance I.2: What is this feeling like? Having the eye infection? 
Client I.3: Yeah. also it's like come on dude. I was going to get ready to go out and my eye’s like no!  So I was like I mean I can step out but I shouldn't do it for a couple of days. So I was like  I'm going to go with the flow. If I have to sit in the house and relax, we shall relax. But I can't do much. So I'm like, That's all. I tried to sleep….I ended up sleeping a lot, which is like, sorry, I don't know. 
Therapist Stance I.3: You know what I'm thinking? It's so interesting, I have noticed a pattern. Whenever you start to process something, it shows up somatically for you. And I'm just wondering, right, because it's reminding me of the time when you had temporarily experienced blindness. This kind of brought that back up for me because I know that we've been going back into your past. We've been talking about a lot of these things about loneliness, about who you were. I wonder if these might be connected in any way? 


Client I.4: (Smiles, body perks up a little) I don't know. I think I connect the eye stuff to….. (pauses )..it's kind of a similar thing, I have to be alone at home. Back then, I had to cut off and not watch TV.  This time, though, there were a lot of phone calls and people checking up on me which was nice. I don't know but it's true. I did actually think , you know, it's funny because…(notices therapist and self corrects) I don't find it funny anymore, because I find it very interesting how when your body starts to release things when  it comes up in different ways. So you're right!
 It did cross my mind that, “is she (therapist) thinking what I'm thinking” and you thought the same thing but I think I've just allowed it.  I think these are things that you can't help and I think that comes with the nature of who I am as a person where I am on my own journey. But yes I also have a little bit of an ulcer in my stomach…
—-------
L												Later in session:


Client I.5: This city, Aman (name changed- reference to past romantic interest),  I can't put the blame on everybody else. I don't know, like you said, maybe this was the best way I could cope then.  I really started to go in a way that's so much so, that now I've withdrawn. 
I know that's also one part of the process and one part of me is yearning to go out but I'm very grateful that Mahi (name changed- friend) wants to meet me but I have nothing to talk to her about. It's very shallow,  surface  level conversations and I feel like I know I need to be okay with having those conversations but I think I'm okay to not do that in my personal setting.  Yeah..I just find it as a waste of my time and then I end up snapping at her now cuz I don't have patience cuz I'm like;
“you're f****** wasting my time. Grow the f*** up”
Or I feel like when I'm at home maybe sometimes I'm able to regulate myself when I don't have to meet certain people. But I'm like, you know what?: I got it. 
I want to take myself out,  something i want to do, once my eye gets better. Hopefully in the next day or two, I will take myself out for a movie. I'm going to get popcorn and I'm going to go watch the movie. And I said maybe one other week I can plan a manicure and a pedicure ,like how last week I did a head massage and a foot massage. I used to do those things. So I don't know when somewhere even that became wrong like that became like “my god I don't know” but  why do I owe anyone an explanation let me do what the f*** I want right ! 
Therapist Stance I.4: If you were to summarize what all you’ve just shared…what are your thoughts truly about, can you summarize it right now? Like in a sentence or two, what do you think you're possibly actually circling?
Client I.6: I don't know, maybe the difference between - what loneliness and solitude looks like. Perhaps there's a difference?
And I feel It's a lot to do with what has happened but what can I do about it now? And it's like I think I've come to the conclusion that,  no,  I want a richer, fuller life. I think I've worked hard enough to allow myself to losen up, let go a bit. (Referencing self ) Enjoy yourself a little bit. I mean, why did I work this hard if I couldn't enjoy it now? And things will be okay. You're (Self) not in that position that I was in, I guess,  20 years ago,…
Therapist Stance I.5: hmm, you know in my understanding, they way i have been noticing the pattern of our conversations and what truly it sounds like we are circling and looping around, even though  the content will keep shifting,  right,  but there's something deeper that you are trying to do.  It's very interesting because we don't just talk about what's happening right now, or the future but  we also keep looping back to what's happened previously.  And it is almost becoming clearer that now we're trying to understand what parts of us were informed by pain and what parts were actually developed through choice? These  parts include feelings, behaviors, thoughts, belief systems. That can be very very destabilizing. So we're witnessing it as somatic pain. We witness it sometimes as overwhelm or as crying as well.  
Very interestingly,  what I'm also hearing is that the larger question now becomes what parts of us that were informed by pain now need to be shrunk down and…what parts of us that now have choice and resources, like you said,  need to be, for a lack of any other word,  to be  inflated.
Client I.7: And I think it's also,  I guess,  to be at that (defense tone) I don't know…if I really looked for validation then , (softening without external prompt ) also maybe I did but in different ways.  But when you're somewhere kind of, I don't know if content (feeling) is the right word or when your center is focused, It's like I can look at a person and be like, I don't really think I give too much of a s*** of what you think. As long as I think it's fine, and I was asking munni (relationally close domestic help) this yesterday,  and she was kind of smiling half , somewhere I feel , I don't know if my friends have also noticed this shift in me. 
It's almost like, I don't even care anymore if we're there in life or not, from the one who used to always be available,…this and that…it's almost like from becoming a girl to a woman who knows her worth, a woman with standards, a woman who doesn't chase, a woman who's like just by being her, that's enough. I think that took a long time. And I'm not there yet, but I feel like some parts of me are. I'm like it's okay to receive. It's okay to give to yourself. It's like when we talk about self-care and self love. I mean, yes, it's great to put a mask(skin care) on, but is that what we're really trying to do? So, I'm like, "What is it about me then that know. I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing. Sometimes it saved me from a lot of other heartache I think. But sometimes I'm like why can't I just be normal and let loose?”
Therapist Stance I.6: Isn't that what your discovery and journey recently has been about? About what makes you, you and how are you different from other people and what meaning do I assign to that difference? Everything that you've been doing in every single session is just trying to answer that question. You don't have a singular answer. Your questions have many answers that you loop through many times.  We were looking through the same question,  a little before this as well and that was truly about how much of you is informed by pain and how much of you is informed by choice? Layered within that question is aln so what did I have to do iorder to become this version of me, something other people didn't have to do. And how has that made them into different people and how has my experiences made me into a different person and what does it mean? Almost like,  what does it mean now to occupy the same space as other people who possibly weren't as disadvantaged? Maybe people who didn't have to survive the way that you did. Maybe people who didn't have to always stand up for themselves or stay on guard or create this invisible boundary in order to protect themselves. 
And these are very valid questions. What makes you different? What is the meaning of this difference? And how exactly would this inform the person that you will be going forth?
Client I.8: Generally,  I could feel a heaviness in my tummy. Not like a sadness, it's just like a weight. I guess, that's maybe moving now from being stuck. But I think it's very interesting for me to even be discussing such deep questions because even for me they're deep,  in a good way because I love to discuss these things but I think it also just talks about how much I have evolved. I don't say willingly that I'm able to look inside,  I mean compared to before I can. I was thinking about vulnerability only and I'm like wow cuz I think somewhere in my mind I wanted to wrap it up. It is just that I was thinking about what you said last week that I kept looping and hovering on this companionship thing and it's like somewhere I don't know,  as if my body knows or my mind knows and it's like let's be different this time let's try and be vulnerable let's try and be open,  let's put out our ground rules in the beginning if we have to be like “hey I don't know,  this is news to me,  this is me”  cuz I think if anything what hovering around these things over the past few weeks has done is,  I'll tell you what it's actually meant for me. I can now tell you after we've gone around the countryside,  is that all this about acceptance of my journey, acceptance of every single thing about me and be like, this is what makes me who I am. You can take it or leave it. And I think for me, that's a very different place to be in.